Hi, I'm Neethu Mariya Joy. 

Tabs or spaces?

Basic details
I'm an undergrad CS junior at BITS Pilani, India. I'm from Kerala (a very pretty place <3).
I love creating things. I'm kind of a front-end web developer.

Proceed with caution
--------------------

What's Roboneet?
Roboneet is a bot designed to smile 24*7 
Btw, that's highschool me!

Best thing about me?
My 8th grade bestie is still one of my besties. #milesApartYetClose :)

Worst thing about me?
Ahem. This section is not maintained ;)

/***

What drives me?
eee. It's usually my interests + a little bit of rebellion, tbh. :|

That's why I used to be a Maths geek.
That's why I took the engineering stream.
That's why I used to be a Physics geek.
That's kinda why I am ignoring my grades and doing stuff I like doing :/

I like disproving myths (and stereotypes), if it doesn't hurt anybody.

Until my 10th grade, I thought I'd be a doctor. Simply because both my parents were one.
I wanted to be a pediatrician and when people I asked me "why?", I'd tell them :
"Kids sleep at night. I want to sleep at night!".
I loved biology and all, but my love for Maths was much greater. Also, that's when I started learning front-end web development. I so wanted to learn more about it. Back then, it just seemed very cool and so much "not-meant-for-a-girl" thing (according to myself as well as popular opinion, but mostly myself!) (This feeling is also populary known as "challenging"). 
Then, I went to a really good place to learn about science and maths (a coaching institute called FIITJEE). I loved the fact that there wasn't anything to mug-up (except for a few essential chemistry stuff). But I found myself in a class with very less girls. Since there were very less girls, there were very less girls with high marks (almost everyone got mean scores). Well, I seemed to have found my next challenge here. Also, to make things more "challenging", one of my physics teachers actually taught girls can't do any better (Ofcourse, none of us had the guts to tell him he is wrong, there was no evidence! But I was silently planning a deadly attack [Okay, nerd-style-deadly-attack]). 
Long story short, I studied. I got good marks(sometimes surprised a few people). I got into BITS Pilani. He is very proud of me. [This is an extreamly short version without any of the down-falls ;)]



***/

GSoC Blog
...